1. Cooking directions are really inconsistent. How can I fix this? Try to brainstorm
or find a better API.
2. id 52905 -- chocolate souffle -- duplicate ingredients. Fix this "edge case"... i hate
this api.
3. 52992 and 52807 -- both use random \r\n\ in middle of sentences. Fix this "edge case" too.
4. Having this idea to make the hamburger a realistic looking hamburger (like the food)
on hover... bad idea??? If so, delete 'RealHamburgerSVG' from SVGs folder.
5. recipe page and recipe square both require a 'bold-text' class. Find to a way to share it
or get rid of it.
6. In ingredients listing, can I fix awkward wording, ex: 'Pinch Salt', 'Sprinkling Thyme', 
'For Frying Oil', 'To Taste Salt', 'Garnish Parsley' 'To Serve Naan Bread'. Can I replace all with
'A Pinch Of Salt'?
7. Inspect for semantic html. Am I just using divs when I could have used something else?
8. Check SASS for alphabetized properties.
9. Right now... I can add the same list item twice. I should not be able to do that.
Provide user with an error message, or disable add button, and prevent in back end too.
10. Need to be able to delete an entire list
12. SEARCH SECTION: If I have time, it would be nice if when I search using 1 letter only, 
the results only showed items starting with that letter.
13. See Edit list page and edit list name form. Am I using useCallback correctly? I added them
to make the error messages go away.
14. On the show page for a recipe -- the category and cuisine meta-data spans should be LINKS
TO THEIR RESPECTIVE 'browse by' pages, ex: 'browse by category -- american cuisine'
15. Revisit my INSTRUCTIONS algorithm if I have time. I feel like it's not as great as it could be.
16. When a user add's a favorite, a little popup should confirm it has been added, or provide
an error message
17. does my add recipe to list method need to be formatted the same way as my delete recipe
route??? Talking about react routes, not the back end.
18. If I get to the show page for a recipe from a list, there should be a "back to list" button 
or "back" button.
19. Error handling for new list feature on lists page.
20. search section should be a main tag on the seach page and a section tag otherwise... how do i do that?
21. categories page, ingredients page and cuisines page should all share the same component.
22. CONSISTENT FUNCTION FORMATTING!!!!!

MISC EDGE CASES -- RECIPE INSTRUCTIONS:
52954 - hot and sour soup - single STEP declaration at top.
52802 - fish pie - different numbering. '01., 02.'
52964 - smoked haddock kedgeree - LS symbol in directions. FIX ME!!!
53013 - numbered directions, but '1.' is missing from 1st step.
53056 - croatian lamb peka - looks wierd... not sure how to fix.
52998  - corned beef and cabbage
